TR
Merhaba!

Gogol'un dünyasina hos geldiniz.
Birazdan bu oyun araciligiyla 25 Mart'ta St. Petersburg'da gerceklesen akil almaz bir olaya sahitlik edeceksiniz.
Maceraniz sirasinda belki sevinc, belki üzüntü, merak ve belki de rahatsizlik hissedeceksiniz.
Ama sundan eminim ki hangisi olursa olsun bu hikayede bir seylerin dogru gitmedigini hissedeceksiniz.

Hikayemiz St. Petersburg'un ana caddesi olan Nevsky Bulva'inda berberlik yapan  saygideger Ivan Yakovlevic ile baslamaktadir.
Bu sebeple hikayemize Ivan Yakovlevic hakkinda bilgi vermeden baslamak benim ayibim olur.

Dedigim gibi saygideger dostum, Ivan Yakovlevic St. Petersburg'un islek ama kirli bir caddesinde berber dükkani isleten yasli bir esnaftir.
Her namuslu Rus esnafi gibi o da kazandigi kit kanaat parasiyla gece gündüz icerek, bu cekilmez alt seviye yasamini bikkinlikla sürdürmektedir.
Dükkanina gelen herkesin yüzünü kör jiletiyle olabildigince az bicmeye calisirken, Ivan kendi sakallarina hic bir zaman dokunmamaktadir. 
Ancak tahmin edeceginizin aksine...
Bir saniye...
Lütfen özürümü kabul edin sayin oyuncu. Bu hikaye benim gibi vasifsiz bir insan tarafindan anlatilmamali.
Daha uygunu benim aradan cekilerek, sizin kendi basiniza bu hikayeyi gözlemlemeniz.
-----
ENG
Greetings!

Welcome to Gogol's extraordinary world.
Shortly after, you will witness an unbelieveble story that elapses in St. Petersburg on 25th of March with this game.
During your adventure you can sense joy, sorrow, curiosity or even nuisance.
But I am sure that whatever your feelings will become , you'll find lots of events that make you sense something is not going right in this story.

Our story starts with Ivan Yakovlevic, a barber in the main street of St Petersburg, Nevsky Prospect.
For that reason, it would be taint of me that not to give an insight about Ivan Yakovlevic before beginning our story.

As I said my friend, Ivan Yakovlevic is a old barber in the busiest but also the filthiest street of St. Petersburg.
Like every honest Russian tradesman, he passes his tough life with spending his penurious earnings to drink at nights and days.
While he tries to shave his customers without cutting their faces as much as he can with a blunt razor, he never touches his own beard.
But, to the contrary to your guesses...
Wait a second...              
I beg your pardon dear player. But my wording is awful. This story doesn't need to be told by someone who unqualified like me.
The more proper way is to let you experience the story with your own observations.
-----
